Next up is to add images on product slides.
Let's have a look at the steps involved.
You will have the PowerPoint presentation created already.
Add a new slide to it, open an InputStream to the required image file,
read the image data into a byte array, passing in the InputStream using
the toByteArray method of the IOUtils class of org.apache.poi.util
package. Then the picture byte data can be added to the PowerPoint
presentation by calling the addPicture method, passing in the byte data
and the required PictureType.
Next,
you must create the actual picture shape using the picture data
inside, which the picture will be displayed.
Finally,
position the picture shape on the slide at the desired
location by calling the setAnchor method,
specifying the x and y coordinates, along with the width and the height.
Your slide should look like this when the image is added to it.
Here's what you will do. Add the product image to the slide,
position it at the desired location on the slide, draw an outline around the image to make it stand out.